Test ingest, undo, related with add metadata
documentSource: "strings" or array of field names
Open quote auto adds closing quote including ignoring typing the closed quote
Likewise for /
(See Quill)
Some FBI cables don't have TO address
Fix removed fields on update
*Speed up metadata check (100 at a time the same? Get rid of EMS check? Use memory cache?)
transition from one entity to another uses residual pifid
Date view doesn't retrieve cables
Cable expander column width should always be narrow. You shouldn't be able to change that
Log entity
Distinguish between relatedCableNumbers and relatedSends
Polling page (refresh cables, send email when outgoing cables are stuck?)
Date sorting from column heading doesn't work

History isn't working
OUS, rel views don't work
View in new tab
Change "View" to Display
Use (NAME: ) to display named query in Bql
Invalid BQL queries can be executed
Simplify view specification by defaulting
Default operators by type (e.g., type=string means contains, !contains, like, !like, exists, !exists
Oyez link !exists/exists doesn't work
Consider allowing admin to see other user's rules and even create rules for them
There may be a timing issue where invoking editing of a ruleset occurs before the ruleset text is available
RulesetDto currently store quoted strings with the quote.
Polling for outbox should be frequent when the grid is populated but should keep track of repeated items. If there is one present for x minutes, it should send an email and stop looking at that one. If an email has been sent, don't send another until the queue has been emptied.
Attachments should be nested objects -- name, mime-type and base64
Refs should be parsed
Clear all
Log entity
Support IN operator
Refactor auto ingest of idens and add to ingest
Get all tests working
Upgrade to Angular/PrimeNg 22
Date for auto-detected Iden is not marked zulu
Failed to audit auto-ingested reply
RelatedType not being updated?
Avoid false hits due to metadata updates from CONTACT
supertable export
system globals shouldn't be suggestions but should be allowed
Ingest update cache
Indicate pending/HQ Approval for status
Resizable expansion for cable
Checkbox to remove highlighting
Clear all
Indicate purged
LDAP
Contains support ()
Like %sdfs% or like // or like (//, sdfsf, "sdfsdf", %dfgfdg%)
